Hey everybody. This is Jimmy with bright insight. Get ready to be blown away,
guys,
cuz today I'm gonna discuss with you the 100 ton stone boxes found within the
Sierra at Sakara Egypt. Now these are completely unexplainable.
Even the minister of antiquity for Egypt has stated on MSNBC and CNN
that they quote do not know how these are made or how they got there.
Now they're underground and they're found within a tunnel system of 33 nooks.
And within these nooks,
there are 27 boxes and each weigh approximately 100 tons,
70 tons for the box and 30 tons for the solid lid.
And they're made out of either granite or bass.
Now each lid was cut from the exact same piece of stone as the box itself.
And the precision of the way these were engineered is completely
amazing. We're talking perfect. 90 degree angles.
And we're also talking about being machine cut to within
two, 10,000 of an inch.
Think about that for a moment. Now these were found in 1850 they're like I said,
they're completely unexplainable.
There are some thoughts that maybe they were used as tombs for bulls and there's
this whole elaborate story, uh, about that.
But they were never found with any one or anything within them at all. In fact,
all but one were found with this stones, uh, covers lids open.
And the one that was sealed shut was actually blasted using gun powder,
which is very unfortunate.
But what's interesting about this is that even though it was sealed shut,
when they blasted it open, they found nothing.
Now there's also evidence that the inscriptions that you can see here on the
outside of the lids were done after the boxes were made.
So it's widely believed that these boxes were,
were constructed before the dynastic Egyptians and that perhaps the dynastic
Egyptians went in there carved different, uh, you know,
as you can see different writings and shapes and, and, and of animals on them,
which by the way,
does not compare at all to the precision of the boxes themselves. In fact,
it looks like the,
the actual inscriptions were done very roughly in anything that's, uh,
you know, analyzed up close. You can see it for yourself. Now.
It's important for me to mention that I've been inspired and first learned of
these through Brian Forester, who has a YouTube channel.
And he also has a website called hidden Inca tours.com.
I highly recommend you look into him because this guy is absolutely brilliant.
And what he's doing is just phenomenal because this is opening a whole Pandora's
box for showing that yes,
there is lost ancient high technology that was utilized to construct these
boxes. Now,
something that's worth mentioning that is completely unexplainable as well is
the fact that these boxes are located within their own little nooks.
And one of these nooks where the box is found in based on the dimensions of the
box, and we're talking 15 feet long, 10 feet tall,
absolutely huge could not have fit around the corner of one of these tunnels and
into the nook where it's place.
Now they have no idea how it got there could not have fit. And again,
these are underground. So what was, were they placed there before the,
you know, it was sealed like what it's unexplainable, how did they get there?
We don't know. I could throw out some ideas,
but that's for another video in itself.
What's important to understand here is even if you wanted to believe the common
Egyptian, you know, thesis, which is that okay, the head slaves do everything.
Even if these things were a fraction of the weight to just put this in
perspective, 100 tons is 200,000 pounds.
How you couldn't get enough hands of people around these boxes to physically
carry 'em and place them where they're at. How could you even roll them? I mean,
we're talking 200,000 pounds seriously. Guys think about that.
It's it is believed and hypothesized that perhaps these were used for some sort
of electricity or power generating. I mean, look,
it's obviously with a technology that we don't know or understand today,
but these things clearly had purpose that were clearly in my opinion,
industrial, uh, you know, in some way, because they're, they're clearly placed.
It's easy for someone to think that maybe this was a tomb,
but why is it that they were empty and why go to such enormous extent to create
something so big, so heavy and within such amazing precision, cuz like I said,
within two, 10 thousands of an inch of being flat. Wow.
So when you look at all this, you know,
there's clear evidence that this was done with some sort of capability or
technology that we don't have today or that was on par
of which we do have today.
And what makes us so interesting is that this was done thousands of years ago
and we have no idea how they were done. Anyways, guys, look at the pictures,
decide for yourself.
It's clear evidence that what we have been taught and what we think of ancient
history is far from the truth. Anyways, I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
If you like what I have to say, like, and subscribe,
I have many other videos for you to enjoy and many more coming, be blessed,
all be.